Add execution context to manifest-file major concept (#72)
Green-Software-Foundation/if-docs: docs/major-concepts/manifest-file.md

Impact Framework uses the `initialize` section to instantiate each plugin. A plugin cannot be invoked elsewhere in the manifest file unless it is included in this section.

`outputs` is a list of possible export types (currently `csv`, `csv-raw` and `yaml` are supported).

#### Execution (auto-generated)

> This section is auto generated so you don't have to include it in your manifest. Execution has all the necessary information which can help to rebuild the environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is auto generated by IF at runtime. You don't have to include this section in your manifest. The `execution` node contains all the necessary information to rebuild the environment, which can support debugging or verifying output files. 
```

```yaml
execution:
  status: success
  command: ie --manifest examples/basic.yml
  environment:
    if-version: v0.3.2
    os: ubuntu
    os-version: 22.04.6
    node-version: v21.4.0
    date-time: 2023-12-12T00:00:00.000Z (UTC)
    dependencies: 
      - '@babel/core@7.22.10'
      - ...
  error: 'InputValidationError:   "duration" parameter is required. Error code: invalid_type'. ## appears when execution failed
```

>  - **status**: execution state: `success` or `fail`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **status**: execution state: `success` (indicating that IF successfully executed this manifest) or `fail` (indicating that IF encountered a problem that halted execution). 
```

>  - **command**: exact command which is used to run the framework (it may include full path to tools)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **command**: exact command which was used to run the framework to execute this manifest (it may include full path to tools in place of aliases such as `run`)
```

>  - **environment**: necessary information about operating system, Node.js version, time, dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **environment**: information about the environment the manifest was executed in, including the local operating system, Node.js version, time, and dependencies.
```

>  - **error**: appears in case if execution failed, includes the reason

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **error**: this field only appears if execution failed. The error message returned by IF is captured here.
```
